hey engineers I have to tell you ever
since Bob and rich told me about their
trip I just had to see the Durango and
Silverton narrow gauge railroad for
myself I headed on down to the Durango
station to get my ticket the depot is
beautiful engineers it's full of
historic train memorabilia from the
glory days of the steam engine on the
platform
I met the team who keep the trains
running they let me take a look inside
the Roundhouse where they keep the
locomotives
grab your hardhats engineers trains are
enormous and it takes big tools to fix
them we have to be really careful in
here it's amazing to see these
incredible trains up close
I love investigating all the little
details
it looks like we're taking a ride with
engine number 478 today it's a que 28
class coal-fired steam engine built by
Schenectady locomotive works in 1923 it
has a 2 a 2 wheel arrangement and weighs
over 250,000 pounds with a full tender
the Durango and Silverton narrow-gauge
railroad runs for 45 miles between
Durango and Silverton Colorado the
railroad has been in continuous
operation since 1882 and it became a
historical landmark in 1961 originally
built for hauling gold and silver ore
out of the San Juan Mountains it was
soon discovered that the views from this
train are what's truly priceless
the scenery is unbelievable as the train
weaves through the San Juan National
Forest
high above the Animas River
I can't look away engineers the snow the
trees the river gurgling down below this
railroad is a delight for all the senses
a ride on the Durango and Silverton
narrow gauge railroad is an amazing
adventure on an incredible historical
train it's an experience I'll never
forget and one I hope to duplicate in
the very near future
that's one thing I love about trains
engineers they can take you to such
beautiful places
Oh
you